docs(spi_nand_flash_fatfs): add NAND FAT integration guide to example… (#794)
espressif/idf-extra-components: spi_nand_flash/README.md

**GigaDevice voltage classes:** Parts ending in **UExxG** are rated for 2.7–3.6 V and are suitable for typical ESP32 3.3 V SPI designs. Parts ending in **RExxG** are rated for 1.7–2.0 V and are not recommended for direct connection to 3.3 V ESP GPIO/SPI without level shifting and a 1.8 V supply. Some `RExx` variants remain in the driver from earlier releases for backward compatibility; new additions target the 3.3 V `UExx` parts only (for example, **GD5F4GM7UExxG**, not GD5F4GM7RExxG).

## Driver configuration

Before calling **`spi_nand_flash_init_device()`** (legacy) or **`spi_nand_flash_init_with_layers()`** (BDL), initialize the ESP-IDF SPI bus (`spi_bus_initialize()`, `spi_bus_add_device()`) and pass the resulting `spi_device_handle_t` in **`spi_nand_flash_config_t`** (same struct for both init APIs):

| Field | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| `device_handle` | `spi_device_handle_t` from `spi_bus_add_device()` |
| `io_mode` | `SPI_NAND_IO_MODE_SIO`, `DIO`, `DOUT`, `QIO`, or `QOUT` |

> | `flags` | `SPI_DEVICE_HALFDUPLEX` for half-duplex (required for DIO/DOUT); `0` for full-duplex SIO. Must match `spi_device_interface_config_t.flags` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `flags` | `SPI_DEVICE_HALFDUPLEX` for half-duplex (required for DIO/DOUT); `0` for full-duplex SIO. This value has to match half-duplex flag in `spi_device_interface_config_t.flags` |
```

`spi_device_interface_config_t.flags` is 32-bit field with more flags, `spi_nand_flash_config_t.flags` is only 8-bit with this one flag.
